I chose to be a part of the navy yes because I wanted to further my career
and have you know a good salary, all the benefits, but I also feel
that you have to serve your country at sometime in your life. Now
I know that sounds cliche, but that's the way that I feel. I came
from a really military family. My uncle was in the military, my dad
was in the military, my brother was in the military, and me too, and although
yes I could of just been a civilian, like I was on that path. It
felt like, at least for me in particular, it felt like something
would've been missing from my life, something I can't be on my death
bed and say that I never protected my country the way that I saw
my family protect it. So it was a calling for me. Why would other
people join the military especially if you don't have military people
in your family, you have to think. Well first you have to trust your
politicians. You'd have to think that they're going to war and they're
defending America for good reason. So the wars that we fight we
hope will bring stability to the world. You might see on TV that you
know children are bloodied and people are you know like running for
their lives, running from terrorism, running from lots of different
things, you know you've seen the news. So if you wanna be a part
of bringing that to an end, then military is one way that you can at
least try. Also defending the nation, now we've been safe for a long
time. Yes we had 9-11 and yes there are domestic terrorists but compared to
other countries in the world, you might realize that America
is a pretty safe place to live. When you're considering foreign powers
trying to come in and influence us. So we have that strong military
to thank for that. So if you want to be a part of that team you
know, and have the stamp of veteran for your character for as long
as you live, then the Navy would be a good spot to start.